# Design Document

- [#1-short-description](Short Description)
- [#2]()

## 1. Short Description

This game is a puzzle-game/strategie that requires the player to think ahead,
and see the options available to him on the board.

With every turn a player can rotate cards around a single star,
allowing him to maniupulate the board.
With these manipulations he aims to generate certain 'constelations' for a planet,
wich can earn him points.
The constelations he wants to display are drawn from a shared deck,
such that he always has 3 different constelations he needs to achieve.

## 2. Constelation Forming

A constelation is the order of colors the planets and stars have in a straight line from all habitable planet.
Straight lines are in this case only up, left, right and down no diagonals are allowed.

Constelations may appear multiple times at the same time, even for the same planet but not in the same direction.

As an example if there are two habitable planets in the game.
To check how often a certain constelation appears on the board,
you need to check every planet and draw a straight line up, left, down and right until the edge of the board.
Every sequence of colors that is found in one such line counts as a constelation.
If a the constelation is found multiple times in the same line it only counts once.

## 3. Rotation

Only stelar Ojects may initiate a rotation.
A rotation that would only affect empty tiles does not count as a rotation.

Different objects have different ranges of influence and effect all radi up to their range.

The rotation is always centered at the object.

A rotation for the range 1 means that all surounding tiles will be rotated clockwise.
This means that the tile to the top gets moved to the right by one cell,
the tile at the top, right gets moved one down and so on.

In this graphic all tiles would get to the position with the next higher number and the 
8 would go to the spot of the 1.
8 1 2 
7 o 3
6 5 4

A rotation for a higher range first applies the rotation for all lower rings.
Then all surounding tile from that ring count as the higher ring.
Eg. for range 2
F G 1 2 3
E . . . 4
D . o . 5
C . . . 6
B A 9 8 7

If a ring is cut of by the boundries of the board, the rotation will skip all missing positions.
Such that in the following example the tile at '3' would immediatly jump to position '4'.
Eg.
5 1 2 
4 o 3
x x x


## 4. Objects

Habitable Planet - Has a color of blue.
Gas Giant - Has a color of green. 
Yellow Dwarf - Has a range of 3, and counts as yellow.
Red Giant - Has a range of 4, and counts as red.
Neutron Star - Has a range of 5, and counts as white.
Black hole - Has an infinite range, and counts as black.
Comet - If in a range of 1 to any type of sun (Yellow Dwarf, Red Giant), counts as any color.

## 5. Actions

Every turn a player must do a single rotation.
After the rotation is complete (all rings have rotated),
He can play any constelation from his hand, to get points, but only if the constelation exists at least once.
This can be done multiple times until the player hand is empty.
After all points have been counted for these cards they are discarded.
At the end of his turn the player will draw as many cards as needed to get back to 3 cards on his hands.

## 6. Constelation Cards

Each Player has some 'Constelation Cards' they tell the kind of Constelation
the player wants to achieve to score points and also how many points they get per Constelation.

A required constelation may range from 1 to 5 colors in a sequence.

## 7. Points

If a player plays a constelation card he gets awarded with points
for every constelation found on the board.

Each constleation found is worth 1 more point.

So if a constleation card gives 3 Points. And the player finds 3 constelation on the board.
It will be worth `3 + (3+1) + (3+2) = 12` Points.

## 8. Interface

## 8. Menu


